README.md, before:

# Forest Night Theme for Logseq

This is my first [logseq](logseq.com) theme based on [Sacred Forest](https://github.com/karoliskoncevicius/sacredforest-vim) color scheme for VIM.

From the name you will know this mainly focuses on the dark theme.

![screenshot](screenshot.png)


## Features

 - add number list by adding inline tag `#numlist`.
 - add Kanban feature by adding inline tag `#kanban`, `#kanban-small`, `#kanban-w100`, `#kanban-w200`, `#kanban-w300`, or `#kanban-w400`.

## Installation

You can either copy the `custom.css` into the `logseq` folder under you logseq notes, or just copy-paste into the **stylus** chrome extension (recommended).

## Roadmap

 - [ ] Add colorful indention to differentiate different levels (current hacking looks ugly so I temporarily removed it)
 - [ ] Keep on fine-tuning the colors of some non-salient places
 - [ ] Develop a beautiful theme for white mode

## Acknowledgement

I use [logseq](logseq.com) every day and it is really an amazing tool to boost my work. 

This is an ugly clone from [Cobra](https://github.com/santiyounger/Cobra) without asking for permission. So you can see the structure of the code was barely changed. 

I know little of CSS so I have to copy all the stuff from [Cobra](https://github.com/santiyounger/Cobra) and [dark-hpx](https://github.com/cannibalox/logseq-dark-hpx), and adopt to my favorite color palette. 

Thank you [Anti](https://github.com/santiyounger) and [Cannibalox](https://github.com/cannibalox)!

## Inspriation

- [KKPMW/sacredforest-vim](https://github.com/karoliskoncevicius/sacredforest-vim)

Commit message:

separate custom.css into two files

README.md, after:

# Forest Night Theme for Logseq

This is my first [logseq](logseq.com) theme based on [Sacred Forest](https://github.com/karoliskoncevicius/sacredforest-vim) color scheme for VIM.

From the name you will know this mainly focuses on the dark theme.

![screenshot](screenshot.png)


## Installation

There are two css files: `custom_full.css` and `custom_slim.css`.

`custom_slim.css` has the basic color scheme.
`custom_full.css` adds 3 additional features on the base of `custom_slim.css`

 - add number list by adding inline tag `#numlist`.
 - add Kanban feature by adding inline tag `#kanban`, `#kanban-small`, `#kanban-w100`, `#kanban-w200`, `#kanban-w300`, or `#kanban-w400`.
 - highlight current path.
  
> Note that these features are all integrated from [here](https://github.com/cannibalox/logseq-dark-hpx).


You can rename either of them to `custom.css` and copy into the `logseq` folder under you logseq notes.

Alternatively you could just copy-paste them into the **stylus** chrome extension to see an instant style preview (recommended).


## Roadmap

 - [ ] Add colorful indention to differentiate different levels (current hacking looks ugly so I temporarily removed it)
 - [ ] Keep on fine-tuning the colors of some non-salient places
 - [ ] Develop a beautiful theme for white mode

## Acknowledgement

I use [logseq](logseq.com) every day and it is really an amazing tool to boost my work. 

This is an ugly clone from [Cobra](https://github.com/santiyounger/Cobra) without asking for permission. So you can see the structure of the code was barely changed. 

I know little of CSS so I have to copy all the stuff from [Cobra](https://github.com/santiyounger/Cobra) and [dark-hpx](https://github.com/cannibalox/logseq-dark-hpx), and adopt to my favorite color palette. 

Thank you [Anti](https://github.com/santiyounger) and [Cannibalox](https://github.com/cannibalox)!

## Inspriation

- [KKPMW/sacredforest-vim](https://github.com/karoliskoncevicius/sacredforest-vim)
